ref(integrations): Add note about `@netlify/sentry` to Netlify plugin docs (#6440)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/releases/setup/release-automation/netlify/index.mdx

</Alert>

> The Sentry Netlify build plugin automates Sentry release management in Netlify. Once it's set up, it will automatically send release and commit information to Sentry and upload source maps, enabling you to see original code in your stackraces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry Netlify build plugin automates Sentry release management in Netlify. Once set up, it automatically sends release and commit information to Sentry, and uploads source maps, enabling you to see original code in your stackraces.
```
